# Consider the following: 

## What is the purpose of Scrum? 
The purpose of Scrum is the framework that teams use to progressively ensure agile methodogolgies are used to progress a software development cycle. It is considered  to be an empirical process that is acquired by means of expirementations and observation by continsouly working towards the progression of a project. Teams establish this framework as a hypothesis of how they can work together throughout the software development cycle. Scrum is not a defined process and not predictive process. Instead it is considered to be a unique interchangeable framework that has been introduced in agile methodologies so that projects can move forward with effective intention and buy in from all team members. It gives the project that ability to go through multiple iterations and get real time feedback from the product owner and other team members to ensure that the project is ready to be pushed to a customer or for lack of better words made " live " 

Scrum is effective in it's approach because it functions of off two adaptive ideas.
1. Solution Adaptation: which progressively defines the solution; while beginning a project wuth less structure or plan in the beginning. It does focus on adjusting a project throughout the cycle of the projects and adjust as the project develops up until a point where the solution is deemed "fit" for the product owner or the business needs. 

2. Process Adaptation: is where a project is broken up into multiple sprints/iterations. Sprints are defined as short fixed lengths of adaptation that gives a task a certain time frame to be worked on with a goal in mind. Sprin'ts allow for teams to tackle a perticular task on the backlog and then present that end work to a product owner and the client. Once the sprint is done teams can consider the work that has been done and collectively give feedback on what was accomplished and continue to work on the project. Multiple sprints / iterations are implemented throughout the software development cycle up until the project is fit for the product owner to be pushed into live production. One thing to also highlight that this cycle of sprints can repeat as new features come up in the product you are working on. The overall purpose is to get that feedback and analyze the progression of the work and make adjustments as need to continue to build on. 

Scrum is the servant leader in the team that facilitates the progession of key aspects of the development cycle for the team. Scrums are agile coaches to help teams move forward, grow and mature throughought the implementation of their agile techniques. Also, Scrum Masters are expected to track and remove obstacles that may come in the way of pushing their product forward. They share similar characterisitcs of a project manager but often times do not oversee and tell the team what exactly to do. Scrum Masters can often have a more hands off approach but are specialist in pushing the development cycle forward. 

## Key considerations neede to successfully complete a project using __Agile project management__
There can be a whole list of considerations to put out that would make sure that there is a success Agile project management approach but there are a few that really stand out to me personally. 
1. An iterative approach in project management: This is essentialy the definition of Agile project management but what this means is that the overall goal is to deliver value to clients and delivery projects on time by understanding that diversity of ever changing development cycles. 
2. Flexibility: Agile methodologies are better for it's diverse flexibility for adjusting/updating projects. This helps with larger projects by breaking down tasks into sprints and pushing the project forward. 
3. Priority to the customer: To help satisfy the customer and be able to implement change that is adaptive and inuitive during the development cycle.
4. Deliver working software: This one is simple. To work Agile means to put all these practices into effect to deliver software that can be used with minimal to no bugs for the client, for the world. 
5. Collaborative work: I think collaborative goes with out say but is essential to the sucess of the project. The software development cycle is composed of sometime small teams with only one Scrum Master, One Project Manager a few developers etc etc. and some times there could be two project managers depending on the team size and project but working collaboratively is what brings success to the product owner and the software that is being built. 


## How are agile-based tools and Git repository used to manage Scrum?
Agile based tools and Git Repository are helpful for managing scrum because it is a way for all team members to work and see the progression of the project. It provides transparency and quality across all teams throughout development. This helps make things be efficient for testing and automation and have multiple branches that could be worked on which creats better workflow. For developers this is primarily helpful because documentation , pull requests once code is done can be done with certaintity and a Scrum Master can overall give the green light or sign off of previous steps in order to move onto the next step. 

reference: Cobb, C. G. (2023). The Project Manager’s Guide to Mastering Agile: Principles and Practices for an Adaptive Approach (2nd ed.). Wiley.

reference: Atlassian. (n.d.-b). Learn how Git fits into an agile workflow.